README.md, before:

# Free Hosting

Overview of free web hosting offers. A good collection can be found at https://free-for.dev/

## Static Pages
- GitHub Pages (for open repos only)
- GitLab Pages
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) (Starter plan)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) (Hobby plan)
- [DigitalOcean App Platform](https://www.digitalocean.com/products/app-platform/) (Starter plan)
- Amazon S3 (5 GB Free during first year)
- Fast.io with Google Drive
- Firebase Hosting (Free for 10GB storage / 10GB data transfer per month)
- [Surge](https://surge.sh/) ("Surge" plan)

## PHP

- http://www.free-webhosts.com/free-php-webhosting.php
- Google App Engine (PaaS that supports PHP)
- Heroku (PaaS that supports PHP)

## Ruby

- Heroku (PaaS that supports Ruby)

## Kubernetes

- [Platform9](https://platform9.com/) (Freedom plan)
- [Civo](https://www.civo.com) (on #KUBE100 beta - $70 free credit every month, no credit card required)

## Databases (DBaaS)

- [DataStax Astra](https://astra.datastax.com/) - Cassandra-based, 5 GB free tier, no credit card required
- [MongoDB Atlas](https://cloud.mongodb.com/) - MongoDB-based, 500 MB - 5 GB free tier
- [Yugabyte Cloud<sup>BETA</sup>](https://cloud.yugabyte.com/) - YugabyteDB-based, 5 GB free tier, no credit card required
- [InfluxDB Cloud](https://cloud2.influxdata.com/) - Free plan available
- [ElephantSQL](https://www.elephantsql.com/) - PostgreSQL-based, 20 MB 🙂 in free tier

## Serverless Functions
- Netlify

## Misc
- [fly.io](https://fly.io/) (free tier available)
- [pagecdn.com](https://pagecdn.com/) (free tier for public CDN)
- [cloudlayar.com](https://cloudlayar.com/) (free DDoS protection)

Commit message:

add SkySQL (MariaDB cloud) free credits offer

README.md, after:

# Free Hosting

Overview of free web hosting offers. A good collection can be found at https://free-for.dev/

## Static Pages
- GitHub Pages (for open repos only)
- GitLab Pages
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) (Starter plan)
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) (Hobby plan)
- [DigitalOcean App Platform](https://www.digitalocean.com/products/app-platform/) (Starter plan)
- Amazon S3 (5 GB Free during first year)
- Fast.io with Google Drive
- Firebase Hosting (Free for 10GB storage / 10GB data transfer per month)
- [Surge](https://surge.sh/) ("Surge" plan)

## PHP

- http://www.free-webhosts.com/free-php-webhosting.php
- Google App Engine (PaaS that supports PHP)
- Heroku (PaaS that supports PHP)

## Ruby

- Heroku (PaaS that supports Ruby)

## Kubernetes

- [Platform9](https://platform9.com/) (Freedom plan)
- [Civo](https://www.civo.com) (on #KUBE100 beta - $70 free credit every month, no credit card required)

## Databases (DBaaS)

- [DataStax Astra](https://astra.datastax.com/) - Cassandra-based, 5 GB free tier, no credit card required
- [MongoDB Atlas](https://cloud.mongodb.com/) - MongoDB-based, 500 MB - 5 GB free tier
- [Yugabyte Cloud<sup>BETA</sup>](https://cloud.yugabyte.com/) - YugabyteDB-based, 5 GB free tier, no credit card required
- [InfluxDB Cloud](https://cloud2.influxdata.com/) - Free plan available
- [ElephantSQL](https://www.elephantsql.com/) - PostgreSQL-based, 20 MB 🙂 in free tier
- [MariaDB's SkySQL (cloud)](https://mariadb.com/products/skysql/get-started/) - offers a free $500 in credits for up to three databases of any size and any type (transactional, analytical or hybrid).

## Serverless Functions
- Netlify

## Misc
- [fly.io](https://fly.io/) (free tier available)
- [pagecdn.com](https://pagecdn.com/) (free tier for public CDN)
- [cloudlayar.com](https://cloudlayar.com/) (free DDoS protection)
